Husband, let's buy a whistle too.
In case you can't find me in the future
You can find me as soon as I blow the whistle
I'll buy it tomorrow. Hmm.
In case you can't find me in the future
You can find me when I blow the whistle
Seven years.
Zhou Huajie
It's time to end
Wait hello
Sister Zhao Hui, you are getting engaged to Su Qiyu
Yes. What's wrong?
What's up?
You have the nerve to ask me what's wrong?
If you really like Wanwan
Why would you want to marry another woman?
You bully Wan Wan and no one is behind it, right?
So you can come out to me right now
I have something to tell you.
Tomorrow what?
No, you come out now
Otherwise, I will never help you later in the future.
Di